Week of 9/7-9/14
I have used AI for some help in parts of assigned tasks, like using it to help connect RStudio to GitHub. 
I also tried to prompt it to generate an image in Adobe InDesign, although I wasn't satisfied with any of the options, so I decided to make something myself.
Another notable use of AI this week was getting a recipe (that I double checked with reddit) to make a savory pretzel dinner.
https://chatgpt.com/share/68c76639-1664-8004-bee9-2490c0976ad8


Week of 9/15-9/21
I used AI to help me create a few resumes for simple job applications around College Park. I also used it to help me trim my 
notes down for my government class. I tried to use it to help me memorize East Asia, but it wasn't really any help. I also used it to help me with some of the INST326 exercises that I got stuck on. Specifically on the 26th and 30th questions in the 
exercises, I was having some trouble with my loops, so I used Claude to debug and recommend alternative solutions.


Week of 9/22-/28
I used AI to help debug the nested loops for exercises 12 and 19, as I was struggling to get them to a readable or concise
state. I also tried to use it to create a mnemonic for memorizing countries and their capitals in Southeast Asia. The 
recommendations for that were pretty useless, but it was still a nice way to consume and memorize information in a new
way, as opposed to the online map quiz I took 20 times in the weeks leading up to my quiz.


Week of 9/28-10/5
I used AI to help me learn about the search strategies and ways to use key words, which was important for one of my other 
classes. I also used it to help me study for my first International Relations Midterm, by summarizing notes and clarifying 
some key definitions that I was consistently getting wrong on Quizlet. 


Week of 10/5-10/12
AI helped me complete some R code for my statistics class. I have used R a lot in the past, but my last R-heavy class was two
semesters ago, so I have used it to help me remember important keywords and commands. I also used it to help me study for my
international relations quiz, asking it to create a quiz on my notes and expand on the concepts that I provided it with. 
Finally, I also needed some help with some of the booleans on the Week 5 Exercises, particularly on #20-Settings.


Week of 10/12-10/19
I used AI for question 2 of my INST327 assignment, which is what we were instructed to do. I looked at how the AI
response came up short and failed to meet assignment guidelines for a project that I was supposed to prompt it to complete.


Week of 10/19-10/26
I used AI to learn about metadata and key vocab terms about Metadata and their schema. I didn't have any other practical
ways to use it for studying, because my stats class has provided practice problems, and my other courses didn't have 
Many assignments or assessments are due this week.


Week of 10/26-11/2
I used AI to help create the structures and debug my classes and methods for the Project Part 2 code. I also used it to help
synthesize notes from my statistics class, in the final days of studying for a midterm in that course. I also used AI to help
explain why some of my code from the exercises this week wasn't working. Finally, it also helped me create and correct a flan
recipe, so I can make a nice, sweet treat.


Week of 11/2-11/9
AI helped me study for an international relations midterm by quizzing me on my notes. It was a useful tool in identifying 
the topics and terms that I consistently struggled with. It could also develop new study techniques or provide definitions
whenever I needed, so I could alter my course of learning at any point. Other than that, I only used it for simple cooking
help and instructions.


Week of 11/9-11/16
I used AI to summarize notes for my international relations midterm, to help cram right before the exam. I also used it
to help reformat my team's project for INST326 to look more like the professor's example, as that helped give our group
more structure and direction for the project. I also used it for exercise 7 to fix the errors in my code, after I failed
it several times.

Week of 11/16-11/23
I didn't have many assignments or personal reasons to use AI this week, so I only used it for some help with INST326 
exercises that I got stuck on.

Week of 11/30-12/7
This week, I used AI to help summarize my notes and slides for my international relations class, to prepare for my final exam.
Similarly, it was some help to me when studying for my statistics exam. I also used it to look over my project code,
and ensure that everything was working properly.
